[Music]
right
welcome back i'm using eggs but some
leftover rice to do
a beautiful fried classic rice
the nasi goreng this is a rice
literally grown in west sumatra and look
at the grains the grains are
huge okay and this type of rice is only
grown here
it's great for fried rice because it
takes on so much flavor i'm gonna fry
off the eggs first
i've got some sambal here and some sweet
soy and
a little touch of the rendang paste
start this off
again we all have leftover rice so this
is a lovely way of literally
uh turning leftover rice into an amazing
dish
chili's galangal i'm going to grate some
of that over there to sort of
sweeten everything up and because
everything moves so fast you need to be
super ready
so i'm gonna quickly just chop the
chilis okay
again i want it to be quite hot the rice
is very starchy
the grain is huge so you need to sort of
get some heat in there
over that i'm gonna start grating okay
they're gonna go i just want all that
sort of
juice and puree over those chillies
that'll make it a little bit sweeter
and less spicy put that
onto my chilies that galangal will help
make that
super sweet
chive blossoms at the end now these are
literally
almost like spring onions to you and i
get them ready
okay that's give a nice green light sort
of
oniony flavor to the rice but it's got a
really nice dense sort of
spicy chai feel and those blossoms at
the end have a little bit of kick in
there
okay we ingredients ready okay because
this goes quick
right whisk your eggs lightly
color those yolks beautiful touch of all
okay gonna be quick in here now get that
all nice and warm
okay i want to still get that round my
wok
and just literally get that what
get rid of the excess oil give that a
nice wipe so it's nice and sticky
okay fresh all in
i'm gonna fry off all my
spices first okay in
super cool keep that heat in there
okay and just lightly cook them off
okay that softens the chai blossom
starts to cook that incredible chili and
that galangal puree just lifts
everything up makes this rice
super spicy from there lightly season
that
and now get your eggs in there okay
again eggs
in and start scrambling those eggs very
quickly i like to use a whisk
so it gets all broken up
so you can see it cutting nicely
again as that starts to scramble
eggs are cooking as that starts to cook
let it set and then break it up again
all right change the wok super hot
i need a bigger wok especially for the
rice now that egg is beautifully fried
a little bit more depth in my wok to get
my rice in
rice goes in beautiful
now we start toasting that and frying
that
and mixing that egg and the spice in
there
beautiful keep that heat in there
and get that rice all the way up into
the center of the wok
okay make a little circle in the middle
there okay
they'll touch our samba in the middle
fry that off
a little touch of the rang dang or
mainly oil in there
get that literally frying off
beautiful and then once it's fried off
i'm gonna start mixing it in with the
rice
here we go now give that a good mix in
and
keep it nice and hot now if you've got
any fish or chicken
or even beef left over now's the time to
put in there
but toast that rice okay and the
exciting thing about the rice here from
where sumatra is the fact that it's
almost a large
grain really starchy so it naturally
thickens
but i want that texture that fried rice
and then i'm going to take
a little touch of sweet soy just a
tablespoon
into the center bring up the temp and
then literally
fry it off there now
[Music]
that's gonna literally give that
wonderful flavor
[Music]
keep the heat in the wok okay
give that a really good toss it stops
the rice from sticking together
and then create the seasoning finally
touch myself thin
and then away
beautiful
and then back
here we go
that's beautiful fried rice
now that is rice to die for
it's fragrant it is a classic dish and
look
it's fluffy it smells
delicious and
wow who needs a takeaway when you do it
yourself
let me know in the comments what you
think of that amazing dish and if you
missed uncharted
trust me you can watch it on the link
below or
on the nat geo app